#labels status
=Status=

This page summarizes the current status of the project.

==Actor: Manufacturer.==
This actor is thought of as a manifacturer of a specific medicine. His responsibility is to register data in the system. 

|| Use case                 || Implementattion status || Comments ||
|| Register                 || implemented ||  ||
|| List products            ||  ||  ||
|| Delete product           ||  ||  || 
|| Add product              ||  Almost implemented || but needs to be tied to a given login, such only the same login can delete or edit later  || 
|| Add product presentation ||  ||  ||
|| Delete presentation      ||  ||  ||

==Actor: Consumer.==
This actor is thougth of as member of the public who is interested in the statitcs in the pdf presentation. In the fully functional system he will be able to perform queries on the database

|| Use case                 || Implementattion status || Comments ||
|| List product categories       || Implemented ||  ||
|| Get contact info for supplier || Implemented ||  ||
|| Register                      || Implemented || Just the user registratin facilities that come out of the box w. MVC. Might need to be cut down a bit ||

==Actor: Administrator==
This actor acknowledges requests to register new Manufacturers, Consumers. Furthermore, it is the administrator's responsibility to create product categories and specific medicines.  

This is almost not supported at all in the current version, and is posponed to future a version. The creation of categories and such is done by manufacturers.
Only two roles is present in the current implementation; the manufaturer role, and the consumer role (which does not require login)

= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages